docs: Add Limitations documentations (#8425)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-ValidationLayers: README.md

    * [./tests](./tests) - Information about testing the Validation Layers.
    * [GOVERNANCE.md](GOVERNANCE.md) - Repository management details.

### Internals

The Validation Layers are broken up as many smaller internal "Validation Objects" each tasked with own job.

> [Core Checks](./docs/core_checks.md) is what is on by default, but there are other validation such as [Synchronization Validation](./docs/synchronization.md), [GPU Assisted Validation](./docs/gpu_validation.md), and [more](./docs/README.md).

Reviewer: `what is on by default`, what is enabled by default might be better wording. 

Also `but there are other validation such as`, is there a word missing after `validation`?

Author: ```suggestion
[Core Checks](./docs/core_checks.md) is what is enabled by default, but there are other validation that can be additionally enabled, such as [Synchronization Validation](./docs/synchronization.md), [GPU Assisted Validation](./docs/gpu_validation.md), and [more](./docs/README.md).
```
